= TestingBot

Testingbot.com is a website where you can use our cloud based Selenium grid. Test your web applications in various environments/browsers/devices.

== How to install?

You can install our testingbot ruby-gem by running "gem install testingbot" on your commandline.

  $ gem install testingbot

== Setup

After you installed the gem you need to run a one part setup.
Type testingbot in your commandline and fill in the API key and API secret you obtained on http://www.testingbot.com
  $ testingbot

== Usage

=== Example Test::Unit
You can find an example in our examples folder, try something like this:

  require "rubygems"
  require "testingbot"
  class ExampleTest < TestingBot::TestCase
  	attr_reader :browser
  	
  	def setup
  		@browser = Selenium::Client::Driver.new \
  		:browser => "firefox",
  		:url => "http://www.google.com",
  		:platform => "WINDOWS",
  		:version => 10,
  		:timeout_in_second => 90

  		browser.start_new_browser_session
  	end
  	
  	def teardown
  		browser.close_current_browser_session
  	end
  	
  	def test_page_search
  		browser.open "/"
  		assert_equal "Google", browser.title
  	end
  end

=== Example RSpec 2
This example uses RSpec 2. You can run it with rspec test_rspec.rb

  require 'rubygems'
  require "selenium/client"
  require 'rspec'
  require 'testingbot'
  require 'testingbot/tunnel'

  # rspec 2
  describe "People", :type => :selenium do
    attr_reader :selenium_driver
    before(:all) do
      # uncomment if you want to use our Tunnel
      # tunnel = TestingBot::Tunnel.new
      # tunnel.start

      @selenium_driver = Selenium::Client::Driver.new \
          :browser => "firefox", 
          :url => "http://www.google.com", 
          :timeout_in_second => 60,
          :platform => "WINDOWS",
          :version => "10"
    end
  
    before(:each) do
      @selenium_driver.start_new_browser_session
    end
  
    after(:each) do
      @selenium_driver.close_current_browser_session
    end
      
    it "can find the right title" do    
      @selenium_driver.open "/"
      @selenium_driver.title.should eql("Google")   
    end
  end

=== Example RSpec 1
This example uses RSpec 1. You can run it with spec test_rspec1.rb

  require 'rubygems'
  gem "rspec", "<2"
  gem "selenium-client"
  require "selenium/client"
  require "selenium/rspec/spec_helper"
  gem "testingbot"
  require "testingbot"

  describe "Test" do
    attr_reader :selenium_driver
    alias :page :selenium_driver
    
      before(:all) do
          @selenium_driver = Selenium::Client::Driver.new \
              :browser => "firefox", 
              :url => "http://www.google.com", 
              :timeout_in_second => 90,
              :platform => "WINDOWS",
              :version => "10"
      end

      before(:each) do
        @selenium_driver.start_new_browser_session
      end

      append_after(:each) do 
        @selenium_driver.close_current_browser_session
      end

      it "can find the right title" do    
        page.open "/"
        page.title.should eql("Google")   
      end
  end

=== Example RSpec 2 and Capybara
This example uses RSpec 2 together with capybara and Selenium webdriver. You can run it with rspec capybara.rb

  require 'rspec'
  require 'capybara/rspec'
  require 'testingbot'
  require 'testingbot/capybara'

  TestingBot::config do |config|
    config[:desired_capabilities] = { :browserName => "firefox", :version => 9, :platform => "WINDOWS" }
    # config.require_tunnel # uncomment if you want to use our Tunnel
  end

  describe "People", :type => :request do
    before :all do
      Capybara.current_driver = :testingbot
      Capybara.app_host = "http://testingbot.com"
    end

    it 'has a homepage with the word Selenium' do
      visit '/'
      page.should have_content('Selenium')
    end
  end

== Capybara and Cucumber
The examples directory contains an example of testing with Capybara and Cucumber
More info available on http://testingbot.com/support/getting-started/cucumber.html

== Extra options
You can specify extra options like enabling/disabling the screenrecording or screenshot feature. (browser.options)

There's also an option to pass along extra data with your test, which will be visible on testingbot.com.
For example a build number, or other custom data. (browser.extra = "")

== More information

Get more information on http://testingbot.com

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 TestingBot
Please see our LICENSE